Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to make the category name clickable, but before then, you can see we
have one, two, three, four, five, five category names and yet we still do have this big greenish
background.
And the reason for this is because you can see over here we created a container and we said the height
is going to be 80%.
That is from year to year and over year.
We said the width is going to be 20% of the screen.
That's this from here.
So yeah, but what we can also do, we can make the color suits, how many category names we have.
In order to do that, we have to get rid of this color we have in the container.
We use control and save and definitely is going to be white.
OC And over here it's the freestanding is size box.
We are going to return a container widget and the reason for this is because we basically want to have
assets to the colors property and over here we can then say color colors.
Starts grey the shade 300 years controller and that's the save now.
And you can see now the background color suits.
Just how many?
Category name we have and instead of container, we can just change this to size box which is similar
to that of the container.
And the reason we are changing this to size box is because we basically do not need assets to the colors
property.
So we do not need to have a lot of containers containers.
Okay, great.
If it is going to work just similar.
And now what we can do is we can make this category name clickable.
To do this, we are going to do some.
Some beats.
Tricky.
Tense.
Okay.
And over here, we're going to create a class and we are going to call this class item data.
And over a year, we're going to.
Creates up to two variables.
Yes.
String.
And this is going to be for the category.
Category.
Name.
They?
And we are going to create a bull, which is basically a false value and we're going to call this is
selected to know basically what category name we are clicking.
Okay.
And now we have to pass it on to the constructor.
So via you can then create item data and add this and the first field that is the category name is going
to be required.
And we have to say this that.
Cuts are going in and for the order variable, which is either true of a false value.
We have to say this dot selected and we're going to give it a default value of force.
Okay.
And instead of this list we have via.
We are going to change this string to the high temp data class.
And definitely we are going to have this era because it is expecting this to feels right.
It's basically a split in this string category name because we made this required.
So anytime we call this item data it is expecting would pass the value to this variable.
But for this, you can see really have a value in it.
That is the force value.
And over here.
We can then say item, item data.
And we have to parse the category name and we're going to call this man the newcomer.
And basically, we can just copy this and here's this and pays this and pays this and pays this like
his contract, this saved.
And we're going to call this we're going to call this women and we're going to call this other newcomer.
And we're going to call this she's.
And this is going to be key and maybe box.
Okay.
And now we're going to have this error.
And the reason for this error, you can see we have to fill over here.
So it is trying to know the particular field we want.
So here after assessing the you can see we have this variable called item, right?
So we have to say we want to assess the category name.
Okay, we have thought we start this.
If not, you might get an error.
Or we start in.
And this would take some time.
So what we start?
Okay.
You can see we have this error, so we have to start.
That's a get rid of that error.
Okay.
And category.
Category.
Okay.
You can see men, women choose kids and bags.
Okay, now we're going to make this clickable.
Right to do that over this container.
We're going to wrap it to the bottom.
And as you know, we have different type of button.
But before then, we need to wrap this with a widget and it's going to be a type of inkwell as well.
We can you can grab this with it.
It just showed detector.
And the hinge has a property known as the on tab, same as the gesture detector.
And over here we are going to need to set a date that is to update the UI to something else.
And we are basically going to update the we basically want to update the this gray color that is the
selected color to white.
To do that, we have to set state that is updating the UI.
And in order to update the UI, we have to use a state for widgets.
So what we can do is over here we can alight and use control dots and converts to state for widgets.
Okay, now we have access to the set state property.
And over here we can then set state.
Said State and you can see the effort.
We said this is selected.
It's going to have the color of it's going to have the value of force.
So why once once it is clicked, once any of this item is clicked, that is any of this category name
is clicks.
We are going to have data that is selected to to true.
To do that, you can see why we have the high time.
Item, write the underscore item, which basically has access to all the data the item data has.
And basically the item data has just to variables that is a category name and is selected.
So to assess this is selected, we have to cover this, this item over here so we can then say on the
score item.
Then intense because we basically have to seal.
Where was their right and want to assess this selected and we basically want to turn it to true.
Once it is clicked.
Okay.
Great.
I think we need this over there and over here, over this color.
We can then have a check.
We can then say on the score item.
Then in Dan's thoughts.
Is selected if it is selected, is equal to is equal to true, and therefore default sets to false,
right.
Whenever we click on any of the category, name is going to be equal to true.
Right?
If it is equal to true, we want a colors.
Of white else if it is not equal to true that is that is if it is not yet clicked.
We just want to have this colors that gray.
And what we have to do now is to hard.
We start.
Okay.
This is basically it.
But we starting.
And go check it out.
We'll check it out and click on this.
You can see.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
And Emily, we keep having a lot of category names.
The caller is going to respond to that.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.